Explain API authentication when configuring deCONZ (#19060)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/deconz.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> If manual configuration (without an add-on) is used, then Home Assistant needs to be authenticated to the deCONZ tool. This is performed by launching Phoscon App from deCONZ tool, selecting Settings|Gateway|Advanced and clicking "Authenticate app" button.

Reviewer: Trying to use a wording much closer to the config flow dialogue.
```suggestion
Running a stand-alone instance of deCONZ (non add-on installation) requires a pairing between the deCONZ gateway and Home Assistant. To allow Home Assistant to connect with deCONZ go to the Phoscon UI click Settings -> Gateway -> Advanced and press the "Authenticate app" button. This same information is also shown during the config flow of the deCONZ integration.
```

> Home Assistant connects to Zigbee devices via an API exposed by the deCONZ tool. Therefore, in the process of configuration Home Assistant needs to be authenticated to the tool. This is performed by launching Phoscon App from deCONZ tool, selecting Settings|Gateway|Advanced and clicking "Authenticate app" button.

Reviewer 2: This does not apply to all installation methods. For example, when using the add-on, this procedure would not be correct.

Author: Added further clarification.
